Add documentation (#31)
signalfx/splunk-otel-dotnet: docs/README.md

- OTLP over HTTP exporter configured to send spans to a locally running [Splunk OpenTelemetry
  Collector](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector)

### Install

> Download and extract the appropriate binaries from
> [the latest release](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-dotnet/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install the latest binaries from
[the latest release](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-dotnet/releases/latest).
```

> > The path where you put the binaries is referenced as `$INSTALL_DIR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The path where you place the binaries is referenced as `$INSTALL_DIR` in this documentation.
```

### Basic configuration

When running your application, make sure to:

> 1. Set the [resources](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/blob/v0.3.1-beta.1/docs/config.md#resources).

Reviewer 2: I think that you are missing info about our plugins. I know that both are doing nothing, but it should be documented.

Author: How do you want to go about it? "Here are some plugins that do nothing"? 🤔

- OTLP over HTTP exporter configured to send spans to a locally running [Splunk OpenTelemetry
  Collector](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector)

> ## Get started

Reviewer 2: We have Get started and Getting started.
